哪些学校的心理学硕士有出国交换的机会
约翰霍普金斯大学大学2018暑期科研  更多科研专业 ：心理学，经济学，化学，材料，工程，计算机等咨询WEVX：  carrie_jiujiuWANT SUMMER RESEARCH IN CHILD DEVELOPMENT?Announcing the2018 Johns Hopkins University Laboratory for Child DevelopmentSummer Internship ProgramApplications are now being accepted for the 2018 Johns Hopkins University Laboratory for Child Development’s annual Summer Internship Program. Summer interns will receive close mentorship by faculty, post docs, and graduate students, and will learn all aspects of cognitive development research. Under the direction of Drs. Lisa Feigenson and Justin Halberda, the Lab is currently investigating a range of issues including memory development, numerical abilities, logical reasoning, and language acquisition, in populations including young infants, toddlers, preschoolers, and adults.Summer interns participate fully in all aspects of research, including recruiting participants, testing infants and children in behavioral tasks, coding children’s testing sessions, analyzing data, and interpreting results. Interns also participate in guided readings of developmental literature, and attend laboratory meetings in which we discuss ongoing projects or current issues in the field of cognitive development. Students will work primarily in the Psychological &amp; Brain Sciences building of Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore, Maryland, and may also work at our testing site at the Maryland Science Center at Baltimore’s Inner Harbor.  2018 will be the 13th year of our annual summer program, which has been enormously successful in instilling students with a love of basic research, preparing them for graduate study, and forming friendships that last well beyond the duration of the program.Summer interns have daily contact with children and their parents, and as such must be mature, articulate, and comfortable communicating with others. Successful candidates will also be able to demonstrate enthusiasm for the research being conducted, a strong work ethic, and an excellent academic record. Desirable background experience includes coursework in developmental and/or experimental psychology, computer skills, an ability to work in a highly collaborative, team-oriented environment, and previous research experience.The 2018 Program will run from Monday, June 4 - Friday, July 27, and will be 40 hours per week. Summer stipends up to $1800 will be available to excellent applicants.
谢谢 听见下雨的声音 邀请，最近比较忙，好长时间没有解答问题了，第一个就看到了你的问题，我详细帮你解答一下。没有跨考生不能考学硕的要求，每年都有跨专业考上学硕的考生，我身边一个考生去年3月份备考，跨专业，一战成功考上了北师大学硕心理学研究生（报考的北师大765）.考研选方向一定要结合自身的需求，考研不是考给别人看的。学硕培养方向：侧重培养科研能力，学制长，研究生期间表现比较优秀的话，会有出国深造的机会（申请公费国外读博，名额不多，足够优秀还是可以会拿到的）；会有硕博连读的机会。学硕考试难度：初试部分难度系数比专硕高，一方面学硕录取人数偏少一些；一方面对专业课要求程度比专硕高，英语考英语一比专硕的难度系数高一点。综上，学硕通过你的陈述比较符合你的要求，华东师大、中山大学、北师大都是心理学实力排名非常靠前的院校，考其中任何一所都有难度，既然选择考了，就考一所自己想读的院校！关于这三所院校的考试情况（科目、题型、难度系数）和去年的录取人数情况和分数，可以私信给我！把几所院校去年真题解析视频给你发一份。